### Database Schema

Database Name : Scratch

Table 1: articles

Contains Fields regarding a single article. All the pulled scraped data goes here primarily. 

- Column('article_id', Integer(), primary_key=True, autoincrement=True),
- Column('headline', String(500), index=True),
- Column('article_body', String()),
- Column('date_published', DateTime(), index=True),
- Column('url', String(500), unique=True),
- Column('keyphrase', JSON)

Table 2: summeries

Contains summery for an article generated by the ML model. 

- Column('summery_id', Integer(), primary_key=True, autoincrement=True),
- Column('article_id',Integer(),ForeignKey('articles.article_id'),unique=True),
- Column('summery',String())

Table 3: keyphrase7

Contains top most Keyprhases of last 7 days from the date in the **date** field of this table. 

- Column('date',DateTime(),primary_key=True,index=True),
- Column('kp',JSON)

#### General notes of the design:

- In *Table 1: articles* headline and date_published are set as indexes. It will help to faster search by keywords containing in headlines as well as faster sorting by date when necessary.
- In *Table 2: summeries* article_id has been made as Foreign key, maintaining an one-to-one mapping. As summeries are derived thus for database integrity summeries table has been seperated. Also article_id has been made as unique preventing data redundency in the database.
- No relationship has been linked with Table - 3. The reason being the date will be provided by the front end of the system. The model will generate top most unigrams,bigrams,trigrams of last 7 days and wrapped that date in JSON and write it to kp (keyprhases). The keys are unigrams,bigrams,trigrams.